if you in week eight in college football
here at sbr forum videos I'm Peter low
shock we're talking right now with
returning guest TJ pemberton from
gameday insiders calm TJ thanks for
being back with us hey Peter how you
doing glad you agree that when good yeah
all right that the game that you chose
you want to talk about tough game
interesting game I'm curious out of all
the college games you chose this one
it's Rutgers at Temple temples of five
and a half point home underdog totals 41
and a half temple of course is off of
two you know they had a couple of losses
early on they lost a Penn State lost a
Maryland so you're kind of wondering
what kind of Temple team this would be
then they got two good wins a road win
at UConn in and they beat South Florida
Rutgers though they're undefeated now
their lines might be coming a bit more
into line as they're this big of a road
favorite at Temple you know I look at
this game I think this is definitely be
a close game could easily see it going
into overtime or coming down to a field
goal in the last play so I would lean
towards temple plus five and a half is
that how you see it we never agree on
again can write better yeah that we
don't go for it no I'll try no
acceptable is coming off back-to-back
big east winds here i'll beat uconn in
South far like you said but I think it
stops this week Rutgers defense is
playing great the third overall mination
four points against they have this
senior outside linebacker Khaseem Greene
is the national defense player left to
get 14 tackles wanted to have sex three
forced fumbles and the interception yes
all in one game you know Rutgers that
have a couple good wins this year they
beat South Florida or Arkansas you
duquan Syracuse they know what's on the
line for them they can go 7 and 0 for
just the third time in 36 years they can
go for no biggie in just the second time
in school history so they know what's on
the line here I think Rutgers wins by a
touchdown here Wow no great analysis I
mean no I mean I fully admit that like
my analysis for most these videos where
we come on is the 32nd Joe public
analysis i look at this i say up hey
temple yeah they kind of sucked at first
but then they beat south florida and
then they beat uconn so they're pretty
good right five and a half points I mean
you so you don't see this game as well
it's going to be tight low-scoring going
down to the wire moon very low total 41
and a half right very low total and you
know that's because of Rutgers defense
but you know that defense is going to
stay strong
often it's a bunch of chances and you
know the offense needs to show up and
get up some points hmm all right well I
put about 15 or 20 seconds into my
analysis and research how many how much
time did you put into yours and yeah you
know a little bit longer than that yeah
all right well then I trust you I
default to you I defer to you my lean on
this game is Rutgers minus five and a
half thanks TJ will talk to you again
very soon